Rahul Jain- Passive Frequency Detection Project - 10/30/18 Status Update

## Last Week's Accomplishments

>Over the past week(s), I prepared for the large group presentation on 10/26/18 by researching other operational amplifier chips that may work.
>I found one in particular the CA3130 Op-Amp that should (at least in theory) be able to amplify the signal further. I also think this chip might be able to remove some more background noise and expand the range.
>I modeled the circuit using the LTSpice software (have yet to run any actual simulations). When I did this I used an OP37 chip in the software to model the CA3130 Op-Amp that is suggested for use. I also learned how to model transistors in the software as these devices are essential for amplification and rectification of our signal.
>I made a commit to our trello page (https://trello.com/c/UUAKzGuW/21-ca3130-op-amp-circuit) highlighting my research and the materials that would be required to successfully simulate the circuit.
>On the trello page, I also added 2 different spec-sheets for the OP-amps that we will use and the OP-amp that was used in modeling. They can be found at: (https://www.intersil.com/content/dam/intersil/documents/ca31/ca3130-a.pdf) & (https://www.analog.com/media/en/technical-documentation/data-sheets/OP37.pdf)
>I also found some info about using the CA3130 Op-Amp with Arduino.
>I finished up the PowerPoint presentation in preparation for the large group presentation that was on 10/26/18. We successfully presented our project at the meeting.

## This Week's Plan

> See if the CA3130 Op-Amp is compatible with Arduino.
> Continue researching other Op-Amps that might work better.
> I also want to continue improving our github and trello pages by adding more information about the project.

## Anything Blocking?

> After finding the CA3130 Op-Amp, I am not sure if the OP37 chip in LTSpice will model this particular OP-Amp successfully.
> I also noticed that the OP37 chip only has 5 pins while the CA3130 has 8 pins. I need to ask our group leader about this further.